### Articles
- [Stop saying you dont have time!](https://dev.to/alexgwartney/stop-saying-you-dont-have-time-4la)
  - There's some real truth to this! Very difficult to keep a schedule, to keep moving on things even when you don't think you can or have the time. The video embedded in this article was definitely motivational towards having a better life. I highly recommend watching the video as it describes even the small things can be helpful.
- [Caught Red-Handed!](https://dev.to/wweihs/caught-red-handed-2nfd)
  - OWN IT! I've always felt that I should own my mistakes. The common question is "Would you go back and change things if you could, before they happen?" Nope. How would I learn? Yes, it sucks.. but the pain goes away over time. Also, if you are concerned you are going to get fired from your employer, just remember that you have skills that makes you valuable. If you spend your time worrying about what someone's thinking about you, you aren't spending time thinking about what makes you valuable, like learning from mistakes [and documenting them!]
- [Keeping a diary on the Internet](https://dev.to/creativegp1/keeping-a-diary-on-the-internet-3n1j)
  - This got me going today! I love that this author is fifteen years old and is writing articles on the internet about what they love doing. Since I am doing a similiar exercise, it's nice to read another's perspective, albeit a different age. Good point about how nice journaling is good for the brain, to offload one's thoughts.
- [How well do you know your keyboard?](https://hackernoon.com/how-well-do-you-know-your-keyboard-708d821daf02)
  - Not much I can takeaway from this article other than the author loves their new keyboard! I'm glad that I have a setup that I'm very comfortable with, even though I have gone through like 3 different keyboards.
- [How to deal with your own social awkwardness at events](https://hackernoon.com/how-to-deal-with-your-own-social-awkwardness-at-events-146e9a24e354)
  - Some good tips for these situations. Working on letting others talk more is something I'm trying to as I feel like I sometimes talk about myself too much!