### Articles
- [5 HTML5 attributes you didn’t imagine they exist](https://codeburst.io/5-html5-attributes-you-didnt-imagine-they-exist-bb324a17b9ed)
  - I didn't know about the spellcheck attribute yet, so that was a nice discovery. I remember having clients ask me in the past if we could implement a spell-checker for an editor. This was always thought of having some JavaScript to handle the checking. Glad to hear that browsers will now handle it with HTML5.
- [A Look at the JavaScript Console API](https://alligator.io/js/console/)
  - Didn't know about console.assert! That's nice to hear as I start thinking about doing more testing in my development before shipping.
- [What Are :before and :after Pseudo Elements?](https://hackernoon.com/what-are-before-and-after-pseudo-elements-fabb2c6eee3)
  - This just reinforces my understanding of what Pseudo Elements are in CSS. I think the big problem I get into is when to use pseudo elements vs pseudo classes.
- [What Are :before and :after Pseudo Elements?](https://dev.to/neshaz/what-are-before-and-after-pseudo-elements-48o6)
  - Exactly same content as article before, oddly by different author. However, the comments section was gold on this one as I realized that my confusion on the difference between [pseudo] elements and classes was because of the syntax. Elements need to be declared with the double colon `::` instead of the single colon. It is only older browsers that used the single colon and I guess I never realized that the spec had changed!
  - Feel better knowing now when to use the double colon for elements. Honestly, it makes sense to use the double as the single has been the tradition for classes such as :hover, :active, etc.
- [How to correctly check for Do Not Track with JavaScript](https://dev.to/corbindavenport/how-to-correctly-check-for-do-not-track-with-javascript-135d)
  - I knew about Do Not Track before in my development. However, I have never had the opportunity to use it and to see how convoluted it is to implement is unfortunate.
  - It seems when there are things related to privacy, Battery API for example, the implementations amongst vendors is all over the place. However, I'm not surprised at this result as it can be difficult to get everyone to agree on one standard.
- [for in loop vs for of loop](https://dev.to/saigowthamr/for-in-loop-vs-for-of-loop-3kkj)
  - I'm still trying to get my head around all these new loop options for ES6. This article helps give more context on which one to use, but I still feel a little overwhelmed on the various options. I get the author's intention to describe the enumerable property of an object, but I need more research on when to use this.